Abstract & chapter 1: see earlier feedback
I skipped chapter 2 for now -- might read later, but looks okay
Chapter 3:

X    deined → defined
O    Definition 1:
        is limited to RDF1.0 triples, and doesn’t say anything about 1.1 (named graphs) or the upcoming 1.2 (triple terms). Should something be said about how the system would still work in those cases?
            I would explicitly say this then as well. For 1.1 you could say it’s out of scope because it depends on how you interpret named graphs in your system. For RDF1.2 you could say that for now you’ll assume you will handle triple terms in the same way as the literals

        Why ignoring literals? I don’t understand it at this point reading through the paper
            I think adding this reason would help the reader
    Last sentence somehow lacks a space before the start

Chapter 2

X    exacerbated → really? You use that word? :D

Chapter 4

X    I have the feeling the explanation of what a shape index is should come earlier. At this moment you say shape indexes are contained in a subweb, but to the reader it’s not year clear that a shape index is something that can be contained into anything.
 
X Figure one: sadly, I still think this figure is too small to be readable or useful
 
 X   4.1 : were performs → performed
  
 Figure two: this really needs work -- the second part has a different font and is too small. What could help is making your image in inkscape, with both parts in it together, instead
 
  4.2: I feel like a couple of examples for use cases could work well here to make it more concrete, such as referring to (i) the idea of Solid pods where shape trees was once an idea, (ii) to dcat:Distributions annotated with a SHACL shape in a data portal, or (iii) to TREE hypermedia. Maybe this would better fit in chapter 2, not entirely sure.
   
X    Unlike triple statistics, shapes are independent of the KG’s size or updates that remain compliant, making them a more cost-effective solution for use cases with stable data models. → I like this idea!
   
    has a closed world assumption → I don’t think you can say it this way. I’d just say subwebs are closed when all shapes describing them are closed.

X    void → VoID and include a footnote to the spec (ok, it has a reference now, which also works). Otherwise, people might interpret void descriptions as empty descriptions or something
X Footnote 3 → use proper curly quotes “”
X    sumbsumed → subsumed (a couple of times)
    I skipped checking the algorithm for now - the explanation is sound though

Chapter 5

    Remove to guide our study, from the first sentence
        It’s weird to have such a short chapter here. The definition of this problem statement over here makes a lot of sense though, but just for the formal aspects of the paper, I’d merge chapter 5 and chapter 6 into Problem statement and experimentation or something